Add VSCode article (#17)
jeremy-rifkin/wheatley-mirror: wiki_articles/vscode.md

# Getting Started With VS Code for C/C++

> ## DISCLAIMER FOR BEGINNERS
> Do not use VS Code.
> It's better to use an IDE that works out of the box:
> - [Visual Studio Community](https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/vs/community/) for Windows (free)
> - [CLion](https://www.jetbrains.com/clion/) on any platform (free for students)
> - [XCode](https://developer.apple.com/xcode/) on macOS (free)
> - [repl.it](https://replit.com/site/ide) online IDE (free for public projects)

Reviewer: This needs to be softened. I'd recommend
```suggestion
## Disclaimer for Beginners
VSCode requires a lot of configuration for C/C++ development. Some IDEs that are much faster and easier to set up include [Visual Studio Community](https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/vs/community/) (free, Windows), [CLion](https://www.jetbrains.com/clion/) (free for students), [XCode](https://developer.apple.com/xcode/) (free, macOS), and [repl.it](https://replit.com/site/ide) (free for public projects, online IDE).
```

Reviewer 2: Firstly, I would want to keep it formatted as a list regardless of how the preceding prose is formulated. Secondly, while the wording is bit harsh, this is very intentional.

The point of this paragraph is that we have at least a few people every week who are struggling with getting VSCode to work for C++, and I also see this during my tutoring sessions. It's a massive waste of everyone's time, and this needs to stop. If we have soft wording like "this requires some setup and you could slightly more setup" then we're not getting the message across not to use VSCode. Beginners need *clear* language, not this wishy washy stuff.

I've received positive feedback on the server for a preview of this article; the consensus on VS Code is not to use it when you're a beginner.

Reviewer: I understand what you're aiming for, and I'm worked with plenty of beginners trying to get vscode setup as well. It's ultimately not that hard to setup though. I think good guides for setting it up are lacking online, but that's the gap we should aim to fill. Furthermore, it's very frustrating for beginners to be trying to use something and have people tell them to switch to something else.

## 1. Install The C/C++ Extension by Microsoft
Install [the extension](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/languages/cpp) and

> follow the tutorial.

Reviewer: The tutorial here starts with `Install a compiler`, so it might be good to move this section after the one below

> Don't use third-party plugins like *Code Runner*, use the official stuff.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Do not use *Code Runner*, it does not work well for C/C++.
```

## 2. Install A Compiler (possibly GCC through MinGW, or GCC through WSL)
You still need to install a compiler, which is the thing that turns your code
into an executable, separately.
Consider using
[Windows Subsystem for Linux](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/cpp/config-wsl)

> instead of MinGW, since Linux makes development much easier.

Reviewer: If you want to include steps for setting up gcc, it's fairly straightforward
```
Install msys2 https://www.msys2.org/
Add C:\msys64\usr\bin and C:\msys64\ucrt64\bin to the PATH
Open a new powershell window (to get PATH changes)
pacman -S mingw-w64-ucrt-x86_64-gcc make cmake gdb rsync
g++ --version
```

Reviewer 2: It's too much for an embed; the shorter the better. I also don't want to make this guide too Windows-specific; those lines are of little use to Mac or Linux users.

## 3. Install and Set Up CMake for VSCode
VSCode lets you configure your project through `build.json` and `launch.json`
config files.

> However, it's *much easier* and *more portable* if you use

Reviewer: I think it'd be better to not mention launch.json or tasks.json at all and just give instructions for getting started with cmake

Reviewer 2: I wouldn't want to omit these completely. It's still relevant to know them, since a lot of tutorials will include these. There are also people who don't want to use CMake, or aren't allowed/meant to because of their assignments.
